(whooshing sound)
If you go to your homepage
and scroll all the way to the bottom,
you'll see these are the two items that I just created
while recording this video.
And let's go ahead and add another one.
So, I'm gonna upload, let's do the Hondo
and we'll call it Hondo added now
and I'm gonna submit it.
Boom, okay, now if I go back to the homepage page,
scroll to the bottom, it's not there, right?
If I refresh the page,
oh, there it is.
Why, why, why, why is that happening?
And the reason is because we visited the homepage
then we went to the sell page and then we went back,
and since we had already been on this page,
it said, ah, I remember this page,
you wanted a list of products.
I luckily cashed them for you
and I'll just rerender that thing for you
and I don't have to go all the way back to the network
and back in order to show it.
So, with Apollo, you have a couple options here
in order to update these queries
where you need them to have fresh data in them.
So, two options are,
is you could just modify the cash directly,
meaning that if I go to my Apollo here and I go to my cash,
you see that we have this all products query.
What we could do is when we get this item returned to us
from the mutation,
we could query all the fields that we need,
the price, the photo, the description,
and the title and the ID.
We could query all of those right here,
and then we could just manually inject it into the cash,
and then it would just automatically update itself
and we wouldn't have to go back to the network
and it would update it.
And that's great,
because if you've ever been on a website
and let's say Twitter,
Twitter is a really good example.
And you write a tweet and you submit the tweet,
you immediately see that tweet in the UI
even though it might take a second
to actually go to Twitter servers and come back.
And then that's what's called an optimistic update
meaning that we assume it's gonna work,
so we're just gonna visually show you
that it worked for you and then everyone who's following you
will see it on their next network refresh.
The other way to do it is you can just tell Apollo
behind the scenes, hey you know this query
where you fetched all the products?
Can you just go to the server and refresh that thing again?
That would be super helpful.
So, I'm gonna show you how to do both in this course,
right now what we'll do is we'll do the network one
where it's much easier
just to go to the network and refresh it.
In most cases, there's absolutely no problem in doing that.
So, what we'll do here
is we will go down to this mutation here,
and you see where we have variables with our inputs,
we can also specify this thing called refetch queries
and that will be an array of queries
that it needs to go off and refetch.
And if we go to our products here,
you see we have this all products query right here,
we'll just tell it, hey, we already have this query here,
can you please just go ahead and refetch it, refresh it
for the user behind the scenes?
So, we can go and we have to first export this
from this file, because now this query is needed
in some other places.
So, let's go to the bottom here, we'll just say export.
Actually, I think we can do it right where we define it,
let's try that.
Export, there we go,
just put an export in front of it.
Then we'll take the name of it, all products query.
We'll say refetch queries,
each query is gonna be an object
where the query is all products query.
Now, that's not gonna work,
because we haven't imported it yet,
so let's try auto import it.
Boom, did it work, did it work?
Import all product query from products, good.
And if you had variables to pass to that query,
you could pass them here as well, but in our case,
there's no variables being currently passed
to all products queries,
so we don't have to worry about that.
We will in the future, but not right now.
And that's great, so when the mutation fires off
and we successfully come back,
please refetch the following queries, all products query.
So, let's try it now.
We'll go and try to sell something,
we'll upload, let's do the belt.
Nice belt, that's probably not a good idea.
Add product,
boom, it worked.
Now, if I go back to the homepage
and scroll all the way to the bottom,
it immediately has shown up,
because it went behind the scenes in the network
and rerun that query for us.
So, that is what is referred to as refetching our queries.
In the next one, we'll get into changing the page
once you have successfully uploaded a product.